README.md, before:

Chess Puzzles
=============

The plan is to build some fun chess mini games and puzzles in a C/C++ library, make it playable with a proof-of-concept console app, then port it to iOS as a [Sprite Kit](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/GraphicsAnimation/Conceptual/SpriteKit_PG/Introduction/Introduction.html) app.

I wouldn't expect this to move quickly - this is just a fun hobby project.


Compiling and Testing
=====================

As of right now, this is an [XCode 5](https://developer.apple.com/technologies/tools/) project. 

All game logic will be included in the ChessPuzzlesLibrary. I plan on writing as many of the tests as possible with [googletest](https://code.google.com/p/googletest/). There are two options to run these tests: as a normal test run in XCode, or by running the "standalone" console target.

Acknowledgements
================

Thanks to [Matt Stevens](https://twitter.com/mattstevens) for his [sample project](https://github.com/mattstevens/xcode-googletest) to get me started with googletest in XCode.

Commit message:

Updated README.md with current project status

README.md, after:

__Current status__: I just set up some basic logic to figure out where pieces are allowed to move, complete with unit test. I'll probably never actually finish this, but will poke at it from time to time.

Chess Puzzles
=============

The plan is to build some fun chess mini games and puzzles in a C/C++ library, make it playable with a proof-of-concept console app, then port it to iOS as a [Sprite Kit](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/GraphicsAnimation/Conceptual/SpriteKit_PG/Introduction/Introduction.html) app.

I wouldn't expect this to move quickly - this is just a fun hobby project.


Compiling and Testing
=====================

As of right now, this is an [XCode 5](https://developer.apple.com/technologies/tools/) project. 

All game logic will be included in the ChessPuzzlesLibrary. I plan on writing as many of the tests as possible with [googletest](https://code.google.com/p/googletest/). There are two options to run these tests: as a normal test run in XCode, or by running the "standalone" console target.

Acknowledgements
================

Thanks to [Matt Stevens](https://twitter.com/mattstevens) for his [sample project](https://github.com/mattstevens/xcode-googletest) to get me started with googletest in XCode.
